hello everyone I want to do a quick
video today and I want to wish you guys
first off a happy Merry Christmas I hope
you have a wonderful day today I
actually want to come make a quick video
and actually talk about this gorgeous
wig that I wanted to wait and wear for
Christmas and I'm absolutely in love
with her this is GLS 29 yeah I have no
complaints about this wig she is Gor
just gorgeous
I put some concealer right here just to
make the part more believable she has
two combs on the set on each side and a
comb in the back as well as adjustable
strap and I mean oh my god yeah she is
gorgeous I got her in the color one beam
and it came with tissue paper the mesh
hairnet and the plastic bag of course
and also this plastic thing I never had
this before but yeah I guess to keep it
secure and firm and also this is the UM
the name of the wig I hate is lighting
yeah gee olace 29 innocent of color one
beat oh my god oh I'm so happy I waited
to put his way down okay this is the
hairline you can barely see where the
lace is flip him up my baby hair out a
little bit but um oh my god yeah she is
gorgeous
she's about 24 inches and she's more of
a looser wave than a gos 25 yeah check
her out she's gorgeous
okay so yeah I want to show you all my
holiday hair that I chose to wear this
Christmas and I will be getting a camera
a ver very better quality camera very
very soon y'all so just be patient with
me so yeah tell me what you think about
this week I mean this is definitely a
must buy I check out makeup yeah I
finally did a bottom eyelashes for the
very first time so I'm kind of psyched
about it I'm happy but I'm anyways yeah
definitely definitely buy this wig yeah
this is definitely a month bye she was
$49.99 when I got her this well this
past Black Friday is when it was like
free shipping I don't know if it's still
free shipping now since it still of the
holidays you might wanna check that out
but she's $49.99 which is still a good
deal for this synthetic unit I mean she
is luscious full of curls I love it okay
so definitely check that out yeah don't
forget sorry coming in subscribe bye
yeah Merry Christmas